which is have a quick work with with
Katie about thousand stars who she has
written brilliantly in the past um I
believe it's more like isn't it gonna
run in the champion now thousand stars
or I don't know no I haven't got a clue
where he's gone and I mean sure he
listen he's consistent to her she has
been everyone he's ran since like when
I'm in the county Heidi's always bang
there he just falls in that frame
between two two and a half and three
miles he's been very good to to the
owners and to everyone I don't know
what's gonna happen I mean listen he's
gonna find it very hard to be top horse
but he'll run a little cracker he always
does
yeah I mean that is it he's a good fun
horse thousand stars but he's race we
all know is the entry hurdle that's the
race that's the French sharpener but you
wonder CEO of a tree one yeah yeah but
that I don't know that means he stays
because in France one around no they
don't I was there I rode my res what
work I necessarily thought was an app
for the RSA was over ten lens behind him
in for to crank row so just to let you
notice he was he was he messed up just
okay that you missed out there something
Katie said she wrote that is where do
finishing us today they wait no Gallup
don't start honey I pepper I've written
there's anyone on this panel I can tell
you that right here
first in your dream and then your dreams
I've seen some of the losses they have
with more conservative okay look at me
tramping me back down to earth with was
gonna say bang but I might know with the
appropriate phrase right now well I mean
there's big bucks for me richer dolls
came out with the exact phrasing of
commentary the other day said in the in
the post it's inevitable and for me
that's what big box is all about doesn't
matter is they be a selling play to a
big old couples world elders it's just
inevitable that you always wins yeah
he's just looking for sivanna scum sake
and so he's second you should take you
know everything grandpa sissy up a pool
is to try come up with something that
was a lie he's doing it for charity